Issue - [DOC-FIX] `model_store` different between torchserve and mlflow-torchserve (#65)
mlflow/mlflow-torchserve: examples/BertNewsClassification/README.md

## Creating a new deployment

Run the following command to create a new deployment named `news_classification_test`

`mlflow deployments create -t torchserve -m file:///home/ubuntu/mlflow-torchserve/examples/BertNewsClassification/models --name news_classification_test -C "MODEL_FILE=news_classifier.py" -C "HANDLER=news_classifier_handler.py"`

Torchserve plugin determines the version number by itself based on the deployment name. hence, version number
is not a mandatory argument for the plugin. For example, the above command will create a deployment `news_classification_test` with version 1.

If needed, version number can also be explicitly mentioned as a config variable.

`mlflow deployments create -t torchserve -m file:///home/ubuntu/mlflow-torchserve/examples/BertNewsClassification/models --name news_classification_test -C "VERSION=1.0" -C "MODEL_FILE=news_classifier.py" -C "HANDLER=news_classifier_handler.py"`

Note:
mlflow-torchserve plugin generates the mar file inside the "model_store" directory. If the `model_store` directory is not present under the current folder, 
the plugin creates a new directory named "model_store" and generates the mar file inside it.

> if the torchserve is already running with a different "model_store" location, ensure to pass the "model_store" path with "--export-path" argument (`--export-path <path-to-model-store>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the torchserve is already running with a different "model_store" location, ensure to pass the "model_store" path with the "EXPORT_PATH" config variable (`-C 'EXPORT_PATH=<torchserve model_store path>'`)
```
